BUSINESS CASE FOR CLOUD COMPUTING 


Lesson Summary

The adoption of cloud technologies is enabling enterprises, big and small, to be agile, innovative, and competitive, and to create differentiated customer experiences. The question organizations are asking is not whether they should move to the cloud, rather what strategy they should adopt to move to the cloud. 

Some case studies that demonstrate the impact businesses have created by adopting cloud:

American Airlines adopting cloud technologies to deliver customer value rapidly across its enterprise 
UBank leveraging cloud platform services to give more control to their developers thereby removing barriers to innovation
Bitly leveraging the scalability offered by cloud infrastructure for low-latency delivery to its geographically disbursed enterprise customers
ActivTrades leveraging the infrastructure, storage, network, and security offerings on the cloud to accelerate execution and delivery of new functions in their online trading systems to their customers 



----------------

Cloud adoption is no longer a thing of the future. From a single individual to a global multi-billion-dollar enterprise, anybody can access the computing capacity they need on the cloud. The lag time from decision to value is no longer a journey of years with high upfront capital. Cloud makes it possible for businesses to experiment, fail, and learn much faster than ever before, with low risk exposure. Businesses today have greater freedom to change course than to live with the consequences of expensive decisions taken in the past. According to an IBM Institute for Business Value study, more than three-quarters of enterprises today are using cloud computing to expand into new industries. 74% have adopted cloud to improve customer experience, and 71% use cloud to create enhanced products and services while simultaneously downsizing legacy systems and reducing costs. To remain competitive, businesses need to be able to respond quickly to marketplace changes, use analytics to understand customer experience, and apply that understanding to adapt their products and services based on what they learn. Product lifecycles have shortened, and barriers to entry have become lower. Cognitively-enabled workflows, Applied exponential technologies such as AI, Automation, IoT, and Blockchain, applications that span new and legacy solutions, and open hybrid and secure Multicloud infrastructures, are today's enablers for growth, agility and innovation. The power, scalability, flexibility, and pay-as-you-go economics of cloud has made it the underpinning foundation for digital transformation. The International Data Corporation, IDC, predicts that by 2025, the total amount of digital data created worldwide will rise to 163 zettabytes (where one zettabyte is equivalent to a trillion gigabytes). And 30% of this data will be real-time information. Considering the unprecedented amounts of data being produced daily, and the ability to make data-driven decisions crucial to any business, cloud computing becomes essential for businesses to succeed, sustain, and compete in today’s markets. A cloud strategy, more than just an IT strategy, is the core component of any business strategy today. Businesses that haven’t already, or are not currently, integrating cloud into their business strategy, run the risk of lacking the speed, agility, innovation, and decision-making capacities needed to be competitive, as also their ability to respond to digital disruption. 
